h2. About

*git-friendly* is a collection of shell scripts for automating basic git workflows I find myself typing over and over again.

Frankly I think a lot of these should be git defaults, like rebasing and automatic remote tracking. But I digress...

h2. Install

Checkout this repository somewhere:

@git clone git://github.com/jamiew/git-friendly.git ~/dev/git-friendly@

Add the directory to your PATH:

@export PATH=~/dev/git-friendly:$PATH@

You'll want to put that somewhere cool like ~/.bash_profile so it's executed each time you launch a terminal.

h2. Pimp Your Configs

I strongly recommend making some basic upgrades to your ~/.gitconfig to add chill features like ANSI color, command shortcuts, rebase-by-default, automatic remote tracking & more. My ~/.gitconfig is "here":https://gist.github.com/668161

I also highly recommend adding the current git branch to your Terminal prompt (PS1) or you'll quickly lose your mind -- here is the "pimp_prompt function":https://gist.github.com/790086 which goes in your @~/.bash_profile@ or @~/.bashrc@.

h2. Commands

I literally use them in this order

* *pull* -- stashes any local changes, pulls from remote using rebase, pops your stash, and re-bundles if necessary
* *branch [newbranch]* -- creates a new branch both locally & remotely, with remote tracking enabled (so you can just type 'git pull' and not 'git pull origin newbranch')
* _programming genius goes here... I just use vanilla 'git commit', 'git status', 'git diff'_
* *merge* -- merges your amazing new branch back into master using rebase. Always Be Rebasing.
* *push* -- pushes your mindblowing changes to the remote and copies a sexy URL like "http://github.com/jamiew/myrepo/compare/3f9fea...fv932" to your clipboard that you can easily share with your peers. This only works on Macs, but boy is it sweet.

Misc commands:

* *prune* -- cleans up old remote branches & runs garbage collection

h2. Lastly

Itches initially scratched by "Jamie Wilkinson":http://jamiedubs.com ("@jamiew":http://github.com/jamiew)

Code released under an MIT license... do whatever, patches welcome!

